Oh we'll do it again okay hi everybody
hi everybody I am Santa from fanciful
faces aka miss Yoko and this is me Gally
my daughter we used to do videos in the
past but it was a mess we stopped
because it wasn't good oh but last week
I visited ever from silly farm and we
did a video together I had a blast I
decided to do video again and Gary and I
we decided to team up so today as it's
the first day of spring we decided to
give you a forest fairy okay let's watch
it guys my arm first fairy design is
really simple I start with a sponge base
with some yellow lime green
you don't have to be precise just play
with the color on the face that you are
playing with and with the back of the
sponge you can actually try your polio
beat a little bit of white in Sun with a
split cake hello
I have flat brush
so
yes if you want to know thank goodness
to cheat a free
some glitter to finish
we are all done you want to look at it
oh my god
you like it's just like one of the
festivals
yep babies so thank you very very thank
you everybody for watching I hope you
like it likes you again so she's a
choice for me very very popular and I
will put a few pictures um at the end of
the video you can play with the color I
do it cream but you can do with blue or
pink purple and whatever you want
thank you everybody see you soon
you